# Speedy Recovery
GOSH (Great Ormond Street Hospital) and its digital unit GOSH DRIVE (Digital Research Informatics and Virtual Environments) are committed to making young patients’ hospital stays as tolerable as possible. Inherently, this goal can only be achieved if parents are assured and confident, and hospital staff is well-informed and approachable. 

We aim to use modern technology to help GOSH in their pursuit of their goals and generally explore the potential of patient-centred software in healthcare. Therefore, we will develop a web app that serves three different user groups: patient, parent and staff. The app will provide a calendar that is tailored to the respective user’s needs. All three groups have very different demands and expectations, which makes our project interesting from a user experience perspective. 

Currently, the communication between clinical staff, patients and their parents is very similar to how it was 50 years ago, not making use of modern technologies. Many manual steps are required. For example, parents have to call hospital staff to request an appointment, the staff will have to find an available time slot in their computer system, and then eventually the parents will copy the appointment to their calendar. If any of the parties would like to change the appointment, all steps have to be repeated. With the help of our app, all involved stakeholders would save time and the whole hospital experience would become much more streamlined and tolerable. 

Also, we will make use of the cutting-edge healthcare data standard FHIR (Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources), which is still in its draft phase, but is believed to revolutionise the HIT landscape. Other than the growing pains of this young, evolving standard, we expect the technical challenges to lie in the access control, authorisation and authentication, as well as using the same data for three distinct deliverables. By solving these challenges and evaluating the data standard, we will create valuable insights for our client, on which future student projects or research efforts at GOSH can build upon.
